= taskbot

Simple to-do lists implemented as an IRC robot

It is distributed as a Ruby gem and based on Cinch and MongoDB.

== Usage

  <&logankoester> !task help
  < TaskBot> Simple to-do lists implemented as an IRC robot
  < TaskBot> !task add "Take out the trash" - Add a task for yourself
  < TaskBot> !task add <nick> "Take out the trash" - Add a task for <nick>
  < TaskBot> !task complete|finish #<task_id> - Mark a task completed
  < TaskBot> !task rm|delete|remove #<task_id> - Remove a task
  < TaskBot> !task list - Get a list of your uncompleted tasks
  < TaskBot> !task list <nick> - Get a list of <nick>'s uncompleted tasks
  < TaskBot> Author: Logan Koester <logan@logankoester.com>
  < TaskBot> Fork me at https://github.com/logankoester/taskbot>

== Installation & Setup

1. Install Ruby 1.9 and rubygems if you don't already have it.

2. Install taskbot

  $ gem install taskbot
  Successfully installed taskbot-0.1.0
  1 gem installed

3. Set up a MongoDB database to store users information in. I recommend creating a free account at https://mongohq.com

4. Create a configuration file

  $ taskbot --setup ~/.taskbot
  taskbot v0.1.0 - Simple to-do lists implemented as an IRC robot

  IRC Configuration
  -----------------
  IRC Nick: TaskBot
  IRC Server: irc.myserver.net
  For password protected channels, type "#channel PASSWORD"
  Channel: #mychannel
  Database Configuration
  ----------------------
  You can get free MongoDB hosting from http://mongohq.com
  MongoDB Host: dbhost
  MongoDB Port: 6000 
  MongoDB Database: taskbot
  MongoDB Username: taskbot
  MongoDB Password: taskbot

  File written.
  Use taskbot -f ~/.taskbot to launch your bot.

5. Launch your new IRC bot!

  $ taskbot -f ~/.taskbot

Use --daemonize if you want to run it in the background.

== Changes

0.1.1 - Fixes a bug preventing tasks from being removed correctly, and shortens visible task
        identifiers to a simple integer. If you're updating an existing db from 0.1.0 you 
        will need to add a unique integer 'id2' to each task manually.

== Getting Help

When all else fails, read the code!

== Contributing to taskbot
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Logan Koester. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

